(odo init): Add input validation for component name (#6088)
redhat-developer/odo: docs/website/docs/command-reference/init.md

In interactive mode, you will be guided to choose:
- a devfile from the list of devfiles present in the registry or registries referenced (using the `odo registry` command),
- a starter project referenced by the selected devfile,

> - a name for the component present in the devfile; this name should follow the [the Kubernetes naming convention](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-label-names).

Reviewer: Besides that, we have an additional requirement: the name must not be all-numeric. Maybe you could add that as well.
To me (and as I already reported so in #5652), "123" is a valid RFC 1123 value, accepted by Kubernetes as a resource name.

```suggestion
- a name for the component present in the devfile; this name must follow the [Kubernetes naming convention](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-label-names) and not be all-numeric.
```

Reviewer: The suggested change seems to have disappeared..

Author: I think that's because I forgot to pull the remote changes and force pushed local changes. sorry about this.

The `--starter` flag indicates the name of the starter project (as referenced in the selected devfile), that you want to use to start your development. To see the available starter projects for devfile stacks in the official devfile registry use its [web interface](https://registry.devfile.io/viewer) to view its content.  

> The required `--name` flag indicates how the component initialized by this command should be named. The name should follow the [the Kubernetes naming convention](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-label-names).

Reviewer: Same comment about us requiring non-all-numeric names.

```suggestion
The required `--name` flag indicates how the component initialized by this command should be named. The name must follow the [Kubernetes naming convention](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-label-names) and not be all-numeric.
```

Reviewer: The suggested change seems to have disappeared..
